# 待校验

On Wednesday, Egypt's President Mohamed Morsi earned international praise for helping negotiate a cease-fire in Gaza.

But he faces unrest at home after giving himself wide new powers the next day.

Protestors have attacked Muslim Brotherhood offices in several cities.

Police fired tear gas at crowds in Cairo's Tahrir square.

Mr. Morsi says Egypt is on a path to freedom and democracy.

He says he wants to move Egypt forward as a stable and safe nation.

He spoke Friday in Cairo as his supporters and opponents demonstrated in different parts of the city.

Mr. Morsi's declarations on Thursday said his decisions cannot be appealed.

He barred the courts from taking any action to dissolve the upper house of parliament, or the assembly writing a new constitution.

Both are controlled by Islamist allies~~, said~~ **of** the President.

Mr. Morsi also ordered retrials of former officials who used violence in efforts to suppress last year's Arab Spring revolution.

Those new trials could include a retrial for Hosni Mubarak.

He was sentenced to life in prison for failing to stop the killings.

But he avoided convictions on more serious offenses of corruption and ordering the deadly suppression of the protests.

Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradai says Mr. Morsi has made himself "a new Pharaoh" by claiming so much power.

The cease-fire between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza halted the most serious Israeli-Palestinian fighting in 4 years.

More than 160 Palestinians and 6 Israelis were killed.

Israel and Hamas traded rocket fire for 8 days after an Israeli missile strike killed the Hamas military chief in Gaza city.

That attack followed months of almost daily rocket fire into southern Israel from Gaza.

- 注解：
  - [来源](https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/morsis-new-powers-bring-protests-in-egypt/1552036.html)
