# TODO: 待校验

On January 1, both Houses of the United States Congress approved a plan that will improve taxes for most Americans.

But the agreement avoided much larger tax increases that were set to take effect this year.

President Obama signed the bill into law late Wednesday.

In a statement, he noted the importance of a balanced approach to the country's fiscal problems.

"Today's agreement enshrines, I think, the principle in the law that will remain in places as long as I'm President. The deficit needs to be reduced in a way that is balanced. Everyone pays their fair share. Everyone does their part. That's how our economy works best. That's how we grow."

The combination of high taxes and automatic budget cuts has been called the fiscal cliff.

The new law increases the tax rate on individuals with earnings of over $400,000, and on couples with earnings of over $450,000.

All working Americans will have some kind of tax increase.

This is because the share of social security taxes paid by employees will return to 2010 levels, an increase from last year of 2%.

But the largest part of the tax increase will affect those with a lot of investment income and those with very high wages.

Taxes on investment gains and dividends, payments from some kind of securities will increase.

Also, the top income tax rate will go to 39.5% from 35%.

Overall, the effect of the law is simple.

It will be the first major tax increase in 20 years.

- 注解：
  - agreement
  - bill
  - income 是否可数？
  - wage 可数
  - dividend COUNTABLE 股息
