# TODO: 待校验

Teachers say the digital age has had a good influence and a not-so-good influence on this generation of American teenagers.

More than 2,000 middle and high school teachers took an online survey.

Researchers also spoke with teachers in focus groups.

Three-quarters of the teachers said the internet and digital search tools have had a "mostly positive" effect on their students' research habits and skills.

But 87% agreed that these technologies are creating an "easily distracted generation with short attention ~~fans~~ **spans**".

And 64% said the technologies "do more to distract students than to help them academically".

Many students think "doing research" now means just doing a quick search on Google.

The ~~pue~~ **Pew** Internet Project did the survey with the College Board and the National Writing Project.

A majority of the teachers came from Advanced Placement classes which provide college-level work for high school students.

Judy Buchanan is Deputy Director of the National Writing Project and a co-author of the report.

~~Judy~~ **Ms.** Buchanan says digital research tools are helping students learn more and learn faster.

"Teachers really embrace these tools, because ~~there~~ **they** are ways to make some of learning exciting and engaging. Young people embrace these tools and the goal is to really help them become creators of ~~the~~ content, and meaningful content, and not just sort of consumers."

But one problem the survey found is that many students are lacking in digital literacy.

In other words, they trust too much of the information they find on the internet.

Judy Buchanan says these students have not developed the skills they need to judge the quality of online information.

- 注解：
  - [来源](https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/1589841.html)
