# TODO: 待校验

This week, the United Nations General Assembly voted to recognize the Palestinian authority as a non-member observer state.

The vote came a year after the General Assembly denied the Palestinian authority full membership.

There was excitement that the UN's headquarters in New York on Thursday as the voting came to an end.

Palestinian authority President Mahmoud Abbas spoke to the Assembly before the vote.

He said the Palestinian people would not accept anything less than an independent Palestine, with east Jerusalem as its capital.

"We do not come here seeking to de-legitimize a state established years ago, and that is Israel.

Rather, we came to affirm the legitimacy of a state that must now achieve its independence, and that is Palestine."

He added that supporters of the resolution are showing what he called their principalled and morrorw support for freedom and the rights of peoples and the international law and peace.

The United States, Israel and seven other countries oppose the measure.

American Ambassador Susan Rise spoke after the vote.

"Today's grand pronouncements will soon fade. And the Palestinian people will wake up tomorrow, and find that little about their lives has changed. Save that the prospects of adurable peace have only receded."

The Israel government denounce the UN decision.

President Benjamin Netanyahu dismissed the Assembly vote as meaningless.

Israel's UN Ambassador Ron Prosor said the new status will hot help the peace process.

Yet some Palestinians say they hope the move will lead to new peace talks between the Palestinian authority and Israel.
