# TODO: 待校验

In what is likely to deal a heavy blow to agriculture in the Tohoku region hard hit by the huge quake and tsunami, the Japanese government is confirming the 1st reports of radioactive contamination to farm products near a nuclear power plant.

Yukiyo Adano is the chief cabinet secretary.

Adano says high levels of radiation have been detected in Fukushima perfecture.

And spinach from Yiviraki perfecture has been found to be contaminated.

He tells reporters there is no immediate health risk.

And the government is considering regulating shipment of farm products from the affected area.

At the Fukushima One nuclear power plant, efforts continue to try to cool over-heating reactor cores and span fuel-rods and tanks.

Tokoy electric power company officials say they hope on Sunday to switch back on pumps that wouuld automatically begin cooling the radioactive materials.

Japan's Nuclear Safety Agency says electrical lines have now been restored to two of the reactors.

In the mean time, fire menus in high powered hoses on fire trucks have been shuttling in and out of the plant to spray water directly on reactor elements.

They are attempting to prevent a further deterioration of the situation which could lead to a renewed nuclear chain reaction that would disperse significantly higher levels of radiation into the atmosphere.

The Fukushima professo governer tells VOA news that, for the second day in a row, the highest radiation level it registered outside the plant was in the village of Yitade, 40 kilometers northwest of the nuclear facility.

The reading there, very slightly elevated from Friday, was 21.80 mSv/hour at 6pm Saturday.

Assuming these levels are staying consistent throughout the day, that means residents there are recieving about the equivalent of a plain film chest X-ray every hour.

Japan's government has imposed a 20km evacuvation zone around the crippled plant.

Those living between 20 and 30 kilometers away are supposed to remain indoors and keep their windows shut.

More than 200,000 people living near the 40-year-old nuclear power generating facility have left their homes, with most of them moving into make-shift shelters farther away from the plant.
